The main stack of this project includes
1. emailjs: to handle the emailjs

How does EmailJS work?
EmailJS helps to send emails using client-side technologies only. No server is 
required – just connect EmailJS to one of the supported email services, create an 
email template, and use our Javascript library to trigger an email.
Email templates can optionally contain dynamic variables in almost any field 
(e.g. subject, content, TO address, FROM name, etc) which are populated from the 
Javascript call. For example, the subject can be "{{ name }}, 
you have a new message", and using JavaScript the name can be set to 
"James Dean", for instance.

Additionally, you can easily add attachments, require CAPTCHA validation, 
switch between the email services without making code changes, review the history 
of the email request, and more.
2. Font-awesome-icon: This is installed using npm install npm i --save @fortawesome/fontawesome-svg-core
npm install --save @fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons
npm install --save @fortawesome/react-fontawesome

with this i have access to free icons to use for my project

3. animate.css
Animate.css is a library of ready-to-use, cross-browser animations for use in your web projects. 
Great for emphasis, home pages, sliders, and attention-guiding hints.

4. gsap-trial
This package is only intended for experimentation during development. It contains 
the public GSAP files plus all bonus plugins which are normally available exclusively 
to Club GreenSock members, including ScrollSmoother, DrawSVGPlugin, MorphSVGPlugin, SplitText, GSDevTools, InertiaPlugin, and more. 
The trial plugins only work locally and on certain approved domains like codesandbox.io, codepen.io, stackblitz.com, and jsfiddle.com. Deploying 
them elsewhere violates the license and will result in a browser redirect!


5. loaders.css
Loading.io's CSS spinner uses CSS Animation, which is wildly supported by all modern browsers such as 
Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox. However, Microsoft Internet 
Explorer version earlier than 10 don't support CSS Animation.

6. React-Leaflet
React Leaflet provides bindings between React and Leaflet. It does not replace Leaflet, 
but leverages it to abstract Leaflet layers as React components. As such, 
it can behave differently from how other React components work, notably:

leaflet.js:Leaflet is the leading open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps. Weighing just about 42 KB of JS, it has all the mapping features most developers ever need.

Leaflet is designed with simplicity, performance and usability in mind. It works efficiently 
across all major desktop and mobile platforms, can be extended with lots of plugins, has a beautiful, easy to use and well-documented 
API and a simple, readable source code that is a joy to contribute to.


7. React-loaders
react-spinner-loader provides simple React SVG spinner component which can be implemented for async await operation
before data loads to the view.

8. React-router-dom
React Router DOM is an npm package that enables you to implement dynamic routing in a web
app. It allows you to display pages and allow users to navigate them. It is a fully-featured client and server-side routing library for React. React Router Dom is used to build single-page applications i.e. applications that have many pages or components but the page is never refreshed instead the content is dynamically fetched based on the URL. This process is 
called Routing and it is made possible with the help of React Router Dom.

React Router Dom has many useful components and to create fully functioning routing, you need most of these.

Router(usually imported as BrowserRouter):  It is the parent component that is used to store all of the other components. Everything within this will be part of the routing functionality
Switch: Switch component is used to render only the first route that matches the location rather than rendering all matching routes.
Route: This component checks the current URL and displays the component associated with that exact path. All routes are placed within the switch components.
Link: Link component is used to create links to different routes.